feat: Supports new AWSLambda connection type in streams processing (#3085)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: docs/data-sources/stream_connections.md

* `security` - Properties for the secure transport connection to Kafka. For SSL, this can include the trusted certificate to use. See [security](#security).
* `networking` - Networking Access Type can either be `PUBLIC` (default) or `VPC`. See [networking](#networking).

> If `type` is of value `AWSLambda`, define the following additional attributes:

Reviewer: this is a data source so this needs to change
```suggestion
If `type` is of value `AWSLambda` the following additional attributes are defined:
```

Reviewer: and similar comment here: the defintion of `type` needs to be changed by adding `AWSLambda`

Author: @kanchana-mongodb suggested me to change it from passive to active voice. I prefer active voice more for this case. But do you have any concern about it?

Reviewer: yeah but this is a data source. Data sources are not something the user defines but is data that is read and provided to the user. You can see few lines above there are other occurrences of "If `type` is of value ...`

Author: ohh. That makes sense.

> If `type` is of value `AWSLambda` the following additional attributes are defined:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If `type` is of value `AWSLambda`, define the following additional attributes:
```
